['sunshine']

[Nicki Minaj:]
Ayo Young Money nigga. Hello Brooklyn. President Carter. Nicki Lewinsky
Me and the Dread, yo give him some head – blow
Long as he know he keep me flyer than a Red Bull
Don't give a damn when Christmas is
My bitches is president mistresses
Now let's go, I'm with the boss, I'm Ms. Ross
I make them girls jump like I'm Kris Kross
Back to basics, bitch, I been hot since Asics
And I'm tighter than face lifts, flyer than spaceships
Now as for Dread? I met him on Mars
I said, "I am Minaj and I'm gooder with the bars"
He said that he a Martian, he can be my Tarzan
And he looking for a bad bitch for his squadron
That's how we got together, see he control the weather
I leave my planet never without my um–b–rella
It's Dirty Money, slash Young Money, Cash Money
You-can't-catch money, run-it-nigga-fast money
Getting at Weezy, you coming through me-ezy
And I won't hesitate to do anyone greasy
If he gimme the word then I'm flipping the bird
And then I'm spinning around and I'm gripping the burner
See, I been the bitch since bubble gum and double dutch
You was playing hopscotch, bitch, I been top notch
Bitches is whack, they trash, they just pollution
Write ya own raps, make that your resolution, fuckers
[Babyface (Jay-Z):]
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ah-ha (say what? Uh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uh, uh, uh)
[Lil Wayne:]
I got you baby, yo
Yeah, OK I'm Dread, yo! I keep a red ho
I keep a red bow, Blood gang, bitch!
I get that bread dough, I get that head blow
Until she got a red throat (Ha ha)
Now who be rolling with the boy like sushi?
She said her name was Nicki, I'm Tunechi
I ain't have to introduce me, she knew me
I told her that's she's unique like a boutique
And I got her and she said she got me
Now let's go, she with the boss and I'm the boss
"He the President, yeah she Lewinsky" but we never get caught
And I could give her brain back because I'm so smart
Fuck with my bitch and I'mma draw like Picasso art
Yeah, I spit at you like a hot beat
And nigga if it's not her then it's (not me)
Yeah, as for her I met her on Mars and she said
"I am Minaj, and I'm gooder with the bars"
She got me with her charm, my wings on my arms
Now we flying over chicken heads, shitting on ya farm
Like sitting on a thorn, like sitting on a horn
We sticking to your ass, like brass
So get a new alarm for me and Miss Nicki Barnes
'Cause we kill everyone and get acquitted in the morn'
So get a new alarm for me and Miss Nicki Barnes
'Cause we kill everyone and get acquitted in the morning, bling!
[Babyface (Jay-Z), Nicki Minaj, Lil Wayne:]
Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Big boogie, I told you we would go through it, baby
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ah-ha (say what? Uh)
Okay, uh-huh
Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewinsky, Weezy F, da Martian
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uh, uh, uh)
Listen, listen, uh-huh, Mr. President, you know the mistress gotta holla at you for a minute, right?
Like I mean, you know, meet the girl in the Oval Office it's nothing
It's going down, tell your wife you gon' be a lil' late tonight, hahaha, kyuh