['grindin']

OK, OK, OK
Kyuhh
C'mon, c'mon
Uh-huh, listen
Ye' ain't say nothing lil' mama I got those
And I'm about to bl-blow like snot nose
(Whuh!) Oh no, no homo (Ugh!)
This is for my niggas, my niggas that don't know (C'mon!)
Please tell these rap bitches to get ready (Ugh!)
Don't get gassed unless you're getting getty
Don't get jerk j-jerk don't get nutty
Fix up your paperwork, you're somebody
But! You ain't better than the president (No!)
I'm just too eloquent, bitch, I'm the president!
I be sitting on a elephant, huhuhuh
Counting all my money where Stella went, hahaha
And I don't need my groove back (Oh)
Unless the nigga looking like 2Pac (Oh)
Unless he got colors like Toucan
Sam (Uh-huh), Sam I am! (Whuh!)
Different color Lambs, Green Eggs and Ham (Okay)
Bet I could bake a gram like the baker's man (Okay)
Stop running up on me like who? What? When?
I stay around the white like the Ku Klux Klan (Okay)
I stay around the sand, butter-pecan tan (Look, ha ha)
Butter-pecan tan (Kyuhh)
I stay around the sand, butter-pecan tan, nigga
Damn
Look, I'm a bad bitch
I'mma give y'all a couple more bars, it's nothing
Listen.... (Kyuh!)
I was shotgun when the Bentley cruised up (Word)
I'm a bad bitch let me put my shoes up (Okay)
I don't say hi, I just throw my 2's up (What up)
When I'm in Texas I chuck my deuce up
Bitches is snakes, sorta like Medusa (Ah!)
I get on the beats like a new producer
(I hate Nicki Minaj!) Just excuse her
I'm in a GT, she in a PT Cruiser (Hahahaha)
I mean the PT bruiser
Dang, lil mama, you is such a loser (Okay)
Okay, you is such a loser
Dang lil mama you is such a loser, huhuhu
I mean... If I'm not the baddest bitch who the fuck is?
I mean when I do it's done
Y'know! Get who you want
Like, I'mma body every last bitch in the game
I'mma sit on my throne and
And, you know these bitches, you know be
Picking my fruit out
I want some fresh strawberries and shit
Tell them bitches to be ready to pick my fruit out
I'm a be sitting on the throne
Like Michael Jackson and Eddie Murphy, it's nothing
Y-Y'dig? Hahahahaha