['higherthenakite']

Hello world!
Young moolah baby!
Murda dem, murda dem! (Yeah!)
Just one word, body a third of them (Nicki)
I kick kick game, can't injure Nicki (Minaj)
That's why they nick-nicknamed me, Ninja Nicki (Lewinsky!)
I'm such a yes, and you're a no no
Live with a Dragon, and wear a kimono
I'm from the Philippines, badder than Billy Jean
Guess that is why I get more head, than an a guillotine
But then I'm dumb struck 'cause you bums suck
Where the um---where the fuck is my nunchuck?
I'm in Tokyo, with the Cokio
Somebody sleepin' in my bed like Nokio
I'm gettin' ill, I been poppin' a pill again
I'm on an Island, and I'm lookin' for Gilligan
Where my Timberland? I got 'em tremblin'
Can't find my keys, but I know, I hear them jingling
You're such a Marilyn – Monroe and Manson
I'm got some heroin, wanna go dancing?
You at the door? Ok, I'm about to come down
I'm getting numb now, don't let me come down
Sniffing on some good blow (Nicki Minaj!)
It's like I'm sippin' on the tempo
And I can't come down now (It's the president y'all and that's the mistress)
Cause I'm higher than higher than higher than a kite
Young Moola, baby! (Yeaaah!)
I do what I does
I come through this bitch, wrist bluer, than 'cuz'
I'm so five star, Soo Woo to the bloods
And before I had a mirror, I knew who I was
I know where I'm goin', I knew where I was
Yeah, d-d-d-dirty, dirty south, see my shoe full of mud
Baby who can you trust? Who can you love?
When love kills, like somebody gave Cupid a gun?
It go (BAW!) Like you shooting for fun
And sometimes the solution is execution for some
Besides, you don't want that intrusion at one –
A.M. and the conclusion, is you losing a son
No inducing my funds, I smoke the fruitiest blunts
I mean the stupidest buds, I get stupid as duh
I swear my doobie is uh – fat, and just like it, you can get lit
Shit don't stank, when you shittin' in the bank
When her man run an errand, I'ma hit her like Hank
Look him in the eye and a nigga might blink
Aim at his brain and a nigga might think
Weezy
Sniffing on some good blow (Young Money)
It's like I'm sippin' on the tempo (Dirty Money)
And I can't come down now (Cash Money)
Cause I'm higher than higher than higher than a kite (Young Moola, baby)
Yo, It's the President man and the Mistress, Ms. Nicki Minaj aka. Nicki Lewinsky, yea and I am the president, shut yo mouth!